The emperor is here
The emperor is in good health near him
Thanks to my brother
Brother is ready
Sure enough, the prince saved him, right?
This is for my motivation
That's good news from heaven.
It's just that the person who poisoned my brother has not been found yet
Chen Di is in deep residence on weekdays
Only travel back and forth between the palace and the palace
I don't know who the thief is
Can you reach out to these two places?
Lord Wang, don't worry.
After a while
Miss Jiang once detoxified this king
Look up to the emperor and don't embarrass him
Shoulder dizzy
Unexpectedly, there are still qualified guardians
This depends on the emperor's face
You can't bother.
Lose it, full traffic
The emperor is busy with business
I won't bother you anymore
This is my good brother
I tick a few bites on the front foot
On the back foot, he forced me to let him go